Adding error var names info to the style guide (#771)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/server/style-guide.md

The name of a method's receiver should be a reflection of its identity; often a one or two letter abbreviation of its type suffices (such as "c" or "cl" for "Client"). Don't use generic names such as "me", "this", or "self" identifiers typical of object-oriented languages that give the variable a special meaning.

#### Error variable names

> The name of any `error` variable must be `err` or prefixed with `err`. The name of any `*model.AppError` variable must be `appErr` or prefixed with `appErr`. This allows us to avoid confusion about how to handle  different kind of errors inside Mattermost. If you are storing the error value from a function that returns an `error` type in its signature, it's considered an `error`, regardless of whether the function, internally, is returning a `*model.AppError` instance.

Reviewer: really silly nit

```suggestion
The name of any `error` variable must be `err` or prefixed with `err`. The name of any `*model.AppError` variable must be `appErr` or prefixed with `appErr`. This allows us to avoid confusion about how to handle different kind of errors inside Mattermost. If you are storing the error value from a function that returns an `error` type in its signature, it's considered an `error`, regardless of whether the function, internally, is returning a `*model.AppError` instance.
```

> The name of a any `error` variable must be `err` or prefixed with `err`. The name of any `*model.AppError` variable must be `appErr` or prefixed with `appErr`. This allows us to avoid confusion about how to handle the different kind of errors that we are handling inside Mattermost. If you are storing the error value from a function that returns an `error` type in its signature, it is considered an `error`, no matters if the function, internally is returning a `*model.AppError` instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The name of any `error` variable must be `err` or prefixed with `err`. The name of any `*model.AppError` variable must be `appErr` or prefixed with `appErr`. This allows us to avoid confusion about how to handle  different kind of errors inside Mattermost. If you are storing the error value from a function that returns an `error` type in its signature, it's considered an `error`, regardless of whether the function, internally, is returning a `*model.AppError` instance.
```

> For example, when the function signature returns an `error` we use `err` variable name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, when the function signature returns an `error`, we use the `err` variable name:
```

```go
func MyFunction() error {
    return model.NewAppError(...)
}

func OtherFunction() {
    ...
    err := MyFunction()
    ...
}
```

> When the function signature returns an `*model.AppError` we use `appErr` variable name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the function signature returns an `*model.AppError`, we use the `appErr` variable name:
```
